added info about DICOM (#270)
bids-standard/bids-website: _pages/bep_guide.md

alternative standards. The BIDS extension proposal should therefore inventorize
and review past and existing work that may be relevant to the BEP.

> ### Not considering DICOM fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Not considering fields defined by other standards
```

Meant to reflect the state of BIDS not being just about DICOM.

> Many of the modalities we use have an associated DICOM standard. While BIDS is not specifically about data format, many metadata information are stored in data files and there is often no good reason for using a different name than the DICOM one. It is thus reasonable to [check what DICOM has developped](https://www.dicomstandard.org/) and see if an overlap can be made. In a similar fashion, when relevant, we recommend having a `source` folder in the example datasets with DICOM files (again empty data but with a header -- make sure to remove personal data tags if taken from real data) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of the modalities we use have an associated standard, like DICOM for instance. While BIDS is not specifically about data format, many metadata information are stored in data files and there is rarely a good reason for using a different name than one from other established standards. In using DICOM it is reasonable to [check what DICOM has already developed](https://www.dicomstandard.org/) and see if there is overlap. In a similar fashion, when relevant, we recommend having a `source/` folder in example datasets including DICOM files (empty data but with a header, removing any personal data tags if taken from "real" data).
```

Adding some clarity and a small amount of changes.

> Many of the modalities we use have an associated standard, like DICOM for instance. While BIDS is not specifically about data format, many metadata information are stored in data files and there is rarely a good reason for using a different name than one from other established standards. In using DICOM it is reasonable to [check what DICOM has already developed](https://www.dicomstandard.org/) and see if there is overlap. In a similar fashion, when relevant, we recommend having a `source/` folder in example datasets including DICOM files (empty data but with a header, removing any personal data tags if taken from "real" data).

Reviewer 2: do we mean to add a `source` folder or is this the `sourcedata` folder of BIDS?

https://bids-specification.readthedocs.io/en/latest/common-principles.html#source-vs-raw-vs-derived-data
